This is the punishment system ALL staff members need to follow. Not following these punishments will result in a strike against
your name. :) The way to follow this is simple:
The 'Reason' is the reason to say/write when you punish someone.
The 'Description' is the action the player is doing when you punish them.
The 'Warning' is a message you say once, if they keep breaking said rule, you punish them.

2 MINUTE MUTE:

Reason: General Disrespect
Description: Generally disrespecting other players.
Warning: Please be respectful towards other players.

Reason: Chat Flood
Description: Flooding global/private messaging chat (Includes char spam, does not include Party Chat).
Warning: Please do not spam on the server.

Reason: Realms Advertisement
Description: Asking users to join their Minecraft Realm.
Warning: Please do not advertise Realms on the server.

10 MINUTE MUTE:

Reason: Indirect Advertisement
Description: Talking about other Minecraft servers.
Warning: Please don't talk about any other servers than JELLYPVP.

Reason: Bypassing Chat Filter
Description: Overtly bypassing the chat filter (swearing with spaces in the middle, or using (dot) to advertise).
Warning: Please stick to the Chat Rules.

PERMANENT MUTE:

Reason: Direct Advertisement
Description: Asking other players to join other Minecraft servers.
Warning: Please do not directly advertise in chat.

Reason: Discrimination
Description: Discriminating against someone else.
Warning: Please be respectful towards other players in chat.

Reason: Extreme Harassment
Description: Only for extreme (or sexual) harassment.
Warning: Please keep chat kid-friendly and kind.

10 MINUTE BAN:

Reason: Abusing Bugs
Description: Purposefully abusing known bugs.
Warning: Please report any bugs to staff.

Reason: Bypassing Mute
Description: Using /helpop to bypass a mute.
Warning: Please do not bypass mutes.

PERMANENT BAN:

Reason: Client Modifications (Hacked Client)
Description: Advantageous client modification.
Warn: Ask them to admit to using illegal modifications. May help the punishment, depending on the Violation level 
(up to staff to decide).
Extra: Be sure the user is not lagging.

Reason: DDoS Threats
Description: Threatening to DDoS server or players.
Warn: NONE

Reason: Revealing Personal Information
Description: Revealing another person's private information.
Warn: NONE

Thank you Staff for helping out the server!
- MrJellyB00M (Owner)


